Add details on how to fix the website error the first time the app is run (#7411)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/tutorials/starter-kit/install-the-starter-kit.md

You now have a fully functional Umbraco site with demo content, templates, and structure to explore. Use this setup as the foundation for the upcoming lessons in this Starter Kit tutorial.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> If `Umbraco:CMS:Runtime:Mode=Development` and `Umbraco:CMS:ModelsBuilder:ModelsMode=SourceCodeAuto` or `SourceCodeManual` will cause an error on the website for the first time the app is run.
> To fix it log into **Umbraco Backoffice**, go to **Settings** -> **Models Builder** and click on **Generate Models** button. Restart the app and the error should be gone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `Umbraco:CMS:Runtime:Mode=Development` and `Umbraco:CMS:ModelsBuilder:ModelsMode` is set to `SourceCodeAuto` or `SourceCodeManual`, an error occurs the first time the app runs.  

To fix this, log into **Umbraco Backoffice**, go to **Settings** → **Models Builder**, and click **Generate Models**. Restart the app to clear the error.  
```
